1.March 28, 2026
2.Emmanuel Mausaemausa98@gmail.com
3.Private and Confidential
4.Dear Emmanuel Mausa,
5.Further to our discussions, I am pleased to extend to you an offer of employment in the capacity of SDFSEDF with Echo Bay Minerals, Inc. (the "Company"), an independently operated wholly-owned subsidiary of Kinross Gold U.S.A., Inc. ("Kinross"), commencing on April 3, 2026. This position is based out of Republic, WA and reports to the SFDDSF.
6.The following terms and conditions of this offer are set out below:
7.1. Your starting annual salary will be USD $120,016.00($4,616.00bi-weekly) less applicable withholdings, paid on a bi-weekly basis with future salary adjustments based on individual and corporate performance, as determined by the Company through annual goals and objectives. These adjustments generally are made based on the previous year's performance. Your next salary review will take place in the first quarter of2027.
8.2. This offer is contingent on the successful completion of post-offer background check, drug screening, and a pre-employment physical. Please note that the Company will first conduct the background check and drug screening before you are asked to undertake the pre-employment physical. You will only be asked to undertake a pre-employment physical test if you successfully complete the background check and drug screening. The pre-employment physical test will be the last pre-employment condition you need to meet. Accordingly, if you receive notification to appear for a physical test, that means you have successfully satisfied all other pre-employment contingencies.
9.3. Also, it is required by law that employees show proof of citizenship or legal authorization to work in the United States. Please refer to the attached sheet for further information about this matter and please bring your original document(s) with you on your first day of work.
10.4. This offer of employment is governed by the laws of the State ofWA, except any conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and the laws of the United States applicable therein.